feat(plugin): support runtimeConfig (#81)
nuxt-community/analytics-module: README.md

}
```

### Runtime Config

> The use of [runtime config](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/runtime-config) is mandatory in case of using environment variables in production, otherwise, the values will be hard coded during build and won't change.

Reviewer: I think wording may be little bit misleading here. It is not mandatory but required if we want to use dynamic environment variables after the build.

```suggestion
You can use [runtime config](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/runtime-config) if need to use dynamic environment variables in production. Otherwise, the options will be hardcoded during the build and won't be read from `nuxt.config` anymore.
```

```js
export default {
  buildModules: [
    '@nuxtjs/google-analytics'
  ],

  googleAnalytics: {
    id: 'UA-12301-2', // Used as fallback if no runtime config is provided
  },

  publicRuntimeConfig: {
    googleAnalytics: {

>       id: process.env.GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID

Reviewer: Tip: this can be also `id: '${GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID}'`

Author: 😱 didn't knew about that.

Should I use in the example?

Reviewer: No just tip ;) (it is part of env interpolation support)
